What's up, my babies? It's your handler, your GM, your BM, which stands for Best, May, and Never Your DM,
because if I'm in a dungeon, I am most assuredly not the master. It's Zach. I'm Zach. I am Zach.
We have a special bonus episode this week, because this is the end of an era.
This is the last episode of Pretending to Be People that will be released on a Monday,
because in 2020, we are switching our release day to Friday. So the next episode will be out
next year on Friday, January 3rd. But this episode right here? This episode right here is special.
It's a bonus. This is the first episode we made for the Patreon. It's a Q&A from back in May.
This is a taste of what our honorary police officers have access to for $5 a month. Wolf
has an intro to this episode, so I won't keep you for much longer, but go to your Google Cal,
put a horny emoji on every Friday in 2020, and enjoy this Q&A episode. Also, thank you so much
for listening, and every time we get to interact with y'all on the internet, it makes my heart
warm, and every time I see fanart on Instagram or over on the subreddit, it makes my heart
heart okay. I love you. Okay, bye. Welcome, friends, to the nastiest radio show this side
of the city. Y'all know I'm all about that nasty. This is 694.2 PTBP,
contention's greasiest and grimiest radio show, hosted by me, Wolf the dog.
Y'all know I'm such a nasty boy. Now, what ain't nasty is that y'all have been helping support us
through a little thing called Patreon, and that makes Wolf feel real nice inside. Nasty nice.
Keep them dollars flowing, y'all. Wolf needs to buy himself a big old nice bucket to fill with
some tasty meat slop. We have yet another special presentation here on PTBP for y'all. We got
ourselves another listener Q&A from that weird podcast called Pretending to be People. Remember,
y'all, there are spoilers abound here, so make sure you are caught up with what they're putting
down before you take a listen. Now, it's time for this new band I heard to dish out some hot
slop for y'all. I hope y'all ready, cuz it's Kudzu with no backbone.
Hey, that's John McCain. That's not me. He actually sang that at a fundraiser,
didn't he? He did. Oh, fuck. Did he really? Yeah. Have you not seen that video? I guess not. Yeah,
he was like, it reminds me of that old Beach Boys song. Bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran. Yeah,
and then he did it. What a country we live in. Welcome to... Wait, what? The first Patreon
episode. Are we live? Thomas likes that we're kicking it off with that one. When do you think
John McCain bombed Iran? Twice in 89, and then I think he's planning on doing it when he died.
Is he dead now? He's dead now. He died of brain cancer. Yeah, so now then, I guess, probably.
Well, he said that in like 2002. So, 89 was a record. In 89? Mm-hmm. In 91? I wasn't born then.
Okay. So you don't need to know anything. It's impossible to know. Yeah. I don't think of
anything before 93. Luke, you don't think of anything before 93 minutes ago. Ouch. Boom.
He got you. That's not true. I could tell you all about podcasts that I listen to.
Unnamed podcast. I know every episode. Oh, God. Okay, yeah.
Rhymes with gum frown. Oof. All right. Hey, I don't listen to that.
No, you listen to Cum Town. No, I listen to Cum Town. Gum Frown is a terrible racist podcast that
thinks it's doing it ironically. All right. Welcome to the Patreon for pretending to be people.
Don't let the Chapo subreddit hear you say that. Hey, first off, thank you so much for listening.
You are a part of an elite crew. Oh, my God. Like, we are so grateful. Honestly,
fuck all the other people that listen to this podcast except you guys.
You're the heroes. Absolutely. You know what? You're the heroes. Yeah. Let's all clap.
First question is from stories colossal on Twitter. Says if I give you money,
will you tell me what was up with that jump scare? I'm spooked and I can't shake it. Well,
it's colossal. Step one. You have given us money. So, yeah, actually, I said yes, we'll answer it
tonight. And they said, okay, it's a deal. It's a done deal. It was a pact. We made a blood pact
over Twitter. Just please don't unsubscribe to the Patreon immediately. You know what?
Yeah. Thanks for kicking it off. That's what you wanted? Yeah. $5 for this answer? Absolutely. So,
here's what happened. We were in the room recording that episode and in the middle of the
Marvin Glass monologue, I fucking screamed. Like, I went for it. It was absolutely in real life
shocking. It was all like jaw dropped staring. Like, that's why there didn't seem to be much
of a reaction is because our reaction was not audio quality reaction. It was just,
I'm doing it right now. You can't hear it. Again, Luke, this is an audio medium.
It was absolutely stunned silence. Our jaws dropped. We were stunned. And the reason that
it sounded even crazier on the podcast is the magic of audio editing. A little behind the scenes
here, basically what I did was I layered my scream on top of itself three times and I changed up the
interval just a little bit. That way I wasn't at the exact same time each time. And then I modulated
the voice I believe up and down perhaps. So you added the spooky filter. I did. I clicked on my
audacity tab that says spookify. Spooky. 90%. You can check us out on spookify. There were some
questions as to what that was. That was just Marvin getting very angry. He got upset and he
screamed. And it sounded not of this world. It didn't. It didn't for some reason. I wonder why.
And yeah, I've also seen some questions. I saw somebody on Reddit said like, is this DM just
crazy good at voices or is there a modulator in there? And the answer is I am very.
Both.
Yeah, so every once in a while I'll throw something up or down and have a sandwich with it,
but in between like it's all my voice. That's just an old audio pro term.
In the biz, you know. In the biz.
Zach, could you do your best voice of anything for us right now?
Oh yeah, obviously. Give us your Schwarzenegger.
Hello. My name is Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Very good. I nailed it.
What is your favorite character voice to do? So this is so actually growing up. I grew up with.
Too far.
We're not trying to get too intimate on this podcast. Oh God, I'm going to do it.
My dad is an awesome dad. He reigns from heaven.
This is brought to you by assemblies of God.
Oh God, so we are assembling and I am your God. So when I was younger, my dad, he did voices
all the time for us. He's a total goofball in the best way possible and I love him to death.
And he did Mickey Mouse and Goofy and Elmo. And it was always, I mean, in the morning it'd be,
hi everybody. He would just jump into it at any point in time. And he was actually,
I can never get down the Donald Duck. He can talk while he does it. I'm still working on that one.
The Donald Trump. I tried that in my whole childhood.
And never figured it out. You can mumble, but I can't say words.
Thomas can actually do a solid machine gun with his mouth. And I haven't gotten him
to do the Foley work on the podcast yet, but one of these days he'll get some extra
points on the Patreon. Yeah, we're going to debut that on an episode sometime.
We'll have bonus content where we all just do, what's the guy from Police Academy?
Oh yeah. Michael Winslow.
Yeah, we'll do Michael, right? Is that right?
Michael Winslow impressions.
The dad from Family Matters. So we'll debut that at a later time after Thomas meets with
his vocal coach a couple more times. I do, yeah. I've got to do some work out.
Speaking of character voices, we're kind of talking about that recently. And by recently,
what I mean is right before we started recording and we all said, oh wow,
this is a good conversation that we should have had on microphone. Let's go for it.
You didn't answer my question. Luke, why don't you have character voices?
What is your favorite character voice to do in pretending to be people?
Oh, my favorite one to do is Drew Andrews and that's why he's in it the most.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
It's one of my favorites also. Could you give us a sample?
No, but what I can do is ask you guys what you're going to do when you are playing a
different character with the voices, Joe? I'm not playing a different character.
If Clark dies, I fucking die. I don't know. I've been working on it.
Don't leave us, Joe.
If I have to do a new character voice. I don't know what I'll do. I have a bad
habit of slipping down into my Southern accent no matter what character I play.
So I'm going to try and actively fight against that, but we'll see what happens.
Do you think that's based on your roots?
I reckon so.
Joe is from South America.
Luke, you do a, like a really out there character voice on the show right now.
Yeah. I do it so often.
It comes back around.
The thing is, once I started doing this podcast, it's kind of like just slipped
in to my everyday life. Like I've started just talking like Keith.
That's crazy, man.
That's insane.
So I'm going to have to get back to my, my normal, you know what I'm thinking?
You got to shake off the character.
I'm thinking I'm shaking. I'm going to shake off the character voice and talk in my normal
voice for the next character, which I mean to, I mean, to the Patreon subscribers, you,
you know, this is just for you, but my normal talking voice is a little bit like this.
And I ain't like talking like this.
We don't hang out with Luke outside of recording.
No, it's impossible.
Honestly.
I just role play during my life.
Yeah. I've told you, you can use your normal voice when you're describing what your character
does.
Yeah. But I don't know.
We tested it with some audiences and it really didn't go over well.
And you know, that might've just been the wrong crowd.
But, uh, people tell me I have a, a, a face for radio and a voice for the library.
Well, and the focus group said voice for closed captioning.
The focus group said that your voice was too smelly.
Yeah.
That reminds me.
I haven't owned a toothbrush in so long.
I really need to go buy one.
How do you brush your teeth?
I don't.
Oh no.
Well, I mean, I brush his teeth.
I let, uh, I let Thomas's dog lick my mouth clean.
Cause they say it's cleaner than a toilet.
They do say that.
I heard it is at least cleaner than the toilet.
That's a bar.
You want to kiss me?
My mouth is cleaner than a toilet.
Speaking of the character voices, uh, we, we had some, some interesting responses to
Wolf, the dog, not being the radio DJ.
When we went to the city, Justin, what are you going to do if the story leaves contention
forever?
I don't know.
Let's probably just do Wolf.
Yeah.
Wolf just moves to the city.
Right.
I feel like Wolf, the dog, Wolf could get really successful in the city.
Yeah.
He expands his empire.
He's an upward rising mobile individual.
Wolf's an ambitious young man.
He is an influencer or whatever.
Or whatever he is.
Slash Wolf.
Yeah.
And he's an influencer on social media.
Did, did people not like my NPR radio host voice?
Oh no, actually I think, uh, I think people were super into it.
Yeah.
Oh no.
What if they like him more than Wolf?
Well, everyone's like, fuck that weird voice.
Let's get more of this soothing voice.
More Steve.
There's a podcast that, uh, or a few months ago, give us a cool little shout out.
They were, they were caught up in listening and they just, uh, recently gave us another
little shout out saying they were kind of catching up and caught up.
And one of the hosts, this is the ugly mugs podcast.
Oh yeah.
The other host said that Wolf, the dog is one of his favorite things in the world and
that he slips into that voice in his day to day life.
That makes me happy.
It was really cool.
That's so fun.
So that actually came about because we were hanging out of the house one day playing a
game of everyone is John, which is a touch on a, another question shortly about this.
Yeah.
I think we, uh, like that's a single page role playing game that we like to do when
we're just hanging out on a Saturday.
The games take what?
Like an hour, hour and a half.
So yeah, we, we can crack out two games or one long one.
But we get along so well last eight hours, pretty much every time.
Uh, but in the middle of that game, Justin just started speaking exactly like Wolf, the
dog, and then immediately named the character in that improv.
And I looked at him and I was like, Justin, this is a thing.
Cause we, I mean, that was like what mid recording of, of the podcast.
Oh yeah.
We were just like, this is going to be on the show.
We have to figure out a way.
And honestly, I think that had a lot to do with how we figured out how to put an intro
onto the show.
And we wanted to do a previously on, but I knew how much work the editing was just to
edit a show and put it out every week.
I really didn't want to put together a previous.
Come through the whole fucking episode, looking for clips and like, yeah.
And so we, uh, we kind of talked to Justin and I and came up with, uh, with the radio
station.
And I love that it adds, it adds a character and it is so much more entertaining to listen
to than a, here's the thing that you like, especially if you're binging a show, it's
like, here's what you listened to 20 minutes ago.
Yeah.
It adds like a, for me listening to it even, cause I'm a, I'm like, I kind of listened
to it after the fact with you guys.
Like I'm, I wasn't involved in those recordings initially.
So it's really fun for me to get like, as a huge narcissist who loves to hear them.
I love my voice.
Oh yeah.
If you guys don't know that, no, it was just fun to get to do this weird, I wanted to like
help out with the podcast and like any way that I could.
So it was fun to get to like actually add my voice.
Cause we had already talked about you doing the music.
Yeah.
And so it was cool to be like, oh, I'm actually like kind of like a character within this
universe now, which is very fun.
But he's kind of this other world.
You are one of the most well-defined characters in this universe.
And you're like, you're like an, like a, almost like a godlike character where you're
like, it's like, how the fuck do you know?
Me and Zach have talked like extensively about Wolf's like backstory that may never
actually get revealed, but we have like all this weird like character history for him
and it's real goofy and fun.
Yeah.
It's necessary in order for us to, uh, to, to get just all up inside Wolf the dog every
week.
All up in them guts.
All up in them guts when we're writing the, uh, the intro.
So that kind of leads us into, uh, BFEvans19 wrote, uh, have you ever, have any of you
ever played any interesting systems other than Delta Green or Pulp Cthulhu?
No.
And the answer is no, no.
I would like to specifically un-shout out D&D.
I don't know that I ever want to play D&D again.
No.
I'm playing, I'm playing Pathfinder with a group right now and it is, it's fun every
time, but it's like, it's a different game.
It's so different than Delta Green where it's like, you know, you are just like in,
everybody's involved the whole time.
And then with Pathfinder, it's like, I am having fun playing it and like when it's my
turn, it's, be careful.
He's listening.
Right.
Shout out to Andy.
Thank you Andy for running Pathfinder.
Oh, sorry.
Docs.
Who lives that?
Andy, after we finished this, let's play Delta Green.
But, but yeah, we played a lot of systems.
And we've played, um, like I said earlier, we play Everyone is John if we're looking
to have a relaxed afternoon.
And that one is so much fun.
It's a really fun game.
Yeah.
Besides, you have to have somebody like Zach to run it.
Besides Dungeons and Dragons and Delta Green, the only campaign I've gone through.
What was that called?
The Sion with Zach and Justin.
And you play there too.
Luke was playing a way less annoying character in that campaign.
I was the drummer.
You play semi-mythical like superheroes kind of who, who all follow an ancient pantheon
of some kind, whether it be Egyptian, uh, Hellenic or, uh, like Aztec.
Yeah.
We played the fuck products of gods.
It was, it was so fun to like, I think sometimes like the gameplay in that system can be a
little like, I think the gameplay in the system can be a little, eh, like it gets like, you
can kind of get OP really quickly.
Um, but the like character creation and the thought you put into like having this.
What did you play?
I was like a Kurdish rebel who killed, uh, was it Osama bin Laden or Saddam Hussein?
Oh, it might've been Saddam.
Was it both?
I can't remember.
I made my guy like this crazy, like, uh, assassin basically.
But I also had all these, we, the powers were really interesting.
And what was your, your God?
Ooh, I actually, I actually can't remember.
Do you remember your pantheon?
What like category it came from?
Was I like, was I a noob?
No, someone else was a new bus.
I think.
I don't remember.
I had no idea what mine was.
Was I a noob?
I actually, I played in off, uh, an officer in offspring.
I played in offspring.
I played the band, the offspring played in the band, the offspring.
And, uh, I played a son of Dionysus who was a drunk priest.
That was a, that one was really fun.
Super fun to play.
I played a son of Apollo, I think, or Hermes.
I don't remember who was just David Bowie basically.
It was a lot of fun.
Thomas would write, and Thomas would write songs during the sessions.
There was Christmas time in London town.
The streets are gray.
Wait, the skies are gray and the streets are brown.
Yeah, it was very good.
It's my favorite song ever.
Uh, what was that system that we did a one shot one day of where you play heightened
versions of yourselves?
That was a lot of fun.
Uh, the end of the world one.
Yeah.
Was it called apocalypse?
Dude, I have no idea.
We need to look that up right now.
Can we take a break?
I gotta pee.
We'll, uh, go ahead and take a break and we'll come back right after a word from our sponsors.
It's DJ AJ.
Welcome to Al's Tires, y'all.
When daddy's away, Junior will play.
This Saturday only at Al's.
Junior's in charge and we've got outrageous deals.
Buy two, get two, any two tires, buy them, get the next two absolutely free.
Thanks to your boy, DJ AJ.
Ladies get a further 15% off and a complimentary rim inspection.
You know what I'm talking about.
I'll be spinning the freshest cuts and selling my proprietary jewel blend while supplies last.
So come on down to Al's Tires this Saturday only.
Thank you to product for advertising on this, uh, here podcast.
Product has changed my life.
I was really excited that we had, uh, that product on this time because that is one
that legitimately like I, on a daily basis, think about or use.
Well, like product in my toes, product in my hair, product in your ears.
Don't put things in your ears, but product goes everywhere.
I know I said last week that I was going to buy two.
I think I'm going to up the order.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, I think I got it.
I think four is appropriate.
So, uh, putting so much product up my penis.
We were in, that's a fun place for it and save it for later.
Spicy.
So the, uh, the, the game that we were talking about was called the end of the world.
Uh, we played, I think there's six different variants on it.
I just remembered it.
Yeah.
We just remembered.
We didn't have to look that up.
Great memories.
And it is called the end of the world.
Thomas was right.
You get a five points of luck.
Awesome.
I'm writing that down.
So what, uh, what else?
Yeah.
So we played that zombie apocalypse into the world.
Joe, you were the one who brought that up that day where we played the, uh, the bigger
versions of ourselves where we actually, the stats on that game are built by making what
you think are the stats for yourself.
And then the group votes on whether or not you are right.
Yeah, that is incredible.
I forgot about that part.
Did we have too many like disagreements on that?
We had, uh, two slight ones.
Uh, we just up stats, right?
Like typically that's what we do.
Yeah.
Makes the game more interesting.
But I spent, I feel like people underestimated themselves, right?
Yeah.
That was, uh, that was one where we were like, Hey man, you're smarter than that.
One of the fun things about that, uh, that scenario, I guess, I don't know if they all
work this way, but you play heightened versions of yourself.
And then we played, uh, that we were in our town.
So it was like, we went over to so-and-so's brother's house that we all have been to
before.
It was actually, you are supposed to play where you are, right?
Yeah.
You start the game in the space where you're playing.
And then, uh, we actually moved pretty quickly to our friend Jake's house and Jake was on
the podcast.
He played a young Ferguson beans.
Rest in peace.
And we'll hopefully be on the podcast again.
And we'll hopefully be on the podcast.
Also, Jake's backyard neighbor is Justin's brother.
Yes.
And we started our zombie story by making him the first infected, basically.
Oh, that's right.
The first one we saw.
Ryan shout out to Ryan.
Everyone has a Ryan Sala at your local meta games.
Everyone has a Ryan Sala and Ryan Sala runs our local gaming store called meta games here
in Springfield.
Meta games has been very good to us.
And Ryan, that will cost you $25 for that.
Also shout out to Jake's vegan burgers.
That's another 25.
We just made $50 this episode.
Who else do we know?
So that was a, that was a really fun one.
And actually about, uh, three quarters of the way through that game, we took a little,
uh, we took a little detour.
Oh yeah.
In real life.
Yeah.
And not in the game, even though the game was based on real life in real, real life.
What was it?
Your dad needed help with some horses.
Oh, I was there for that.
Yeah.
You were here for this game.
The horse.
We went out to my, uh, my parents' house.
Shout out to Jake who has Jake's vegan burgers.
I don't think he needed help with the horse, but we did just get really drunk and hang
out with my dad's horse.
Who is also named Jake.
Yes.
So Jake, uh, the human got to meet, uh, Jake the horse.
Yeah.
And they couldn't stop staring at each other.
They knew.
When Two Jakes, Two Jakes is a movie, I think, but when Two Jakes meet, they know.
Well, and it was awesome to see Jake ride Jake, but I won't tell you who rode who.
Justin, have you played any other interesting game systems?
Why yes, Zach.
I have.
As a matter of fact, uh, I've actually played, uh, dungeon world a little bit, which I am
a big fan of.
Um, I was actually running a campaign for some friends that, uh, crumbled spectacularly.
If I may say so myself, uh, probably in ways that people can guess.
That's a very fast paced system, right?
Or am I confusing it with something else?
It's easy.
All the roles are like, are pretty simplistic.
Uh, I haven't done, I actually forgot what the, you basically always roll the same, like,
is it like two dice?
Two D six, I think.
Is that a powered by the apocalypse game?
Yes, yes, yes.
Yeah.
I think it's savage world.
Savage world and, um, what else?
Monster of the week.
Those are all powered by the apocalypse.
And so did we ever play monster of the week?
We still haven't.
Okay.
But it was, it was so fun.
Like it was my first time getting to host something.
And this, like you guys said, like with D and D stuff, sometimes you wait for your turn
and it's just like, there's so many things you have to think about.
Whereas dungeon world is so fucking get that, like, let's, let's make this story happen.
Let's do this shit instead of like, okay, get your rule books out and look at all your numbers
and everything.
And speaking of getting to run stuff, uh, a couple of the days where we've played everyone
is John as a friend group.
Uh, we've had, I, I've gotten to play and I believe Thomas has run.
Everyone has run one.
Yeah.
Did you do the underwater F1 thing?
That was very fun.
And Luke, did you run one?
I haven't run one yet, but I would like to do it just to dip my feet into, I've never
like ran a game before.
It was a fun way to learn a little bit about DMing.
It's the only thing I've ever run below, you know, you have 10 or 15 minutes to prepare
and then you just have to wing it.
And it was, it was fun.
It's a, it's a improv Olympics.
You, you, you, you set out a few goals for yourself and then have fun.
There's really no structure to it beyond what the DM writes in 15 minutes or so.
Did we talk about this game at all?
Did we talk about how everyone is John works?
Oh no, we didn't.
But if you want to hop into it, be my guest.
Well, so literally everyone is John.
John is, is one character that you all kind of take turns controlling.
And before you start playing the game, you set specific goals for John and try to two
specific goals for John and you try to meet them sometimes as many times as you can.
Yeah.
And each character voice has two talents, right?
You, yes.
So you're basically controlling this person who's just losing his mind as he gets compelled
by wildly different interests.
So the, and then the DM tries to set up the world to, to meet the, make those goals meetable.
Like Joe said, it's improv Olympics.
Yeah.
And we all try to win a medal.
Also like whoever's running the game tries to, you know, get everybody to get, meet those
goals.
Like there's one, what you, somebody wanted to play with the Beatles.
Was that you Joe?
Yeah.
So you kind of set up the goals.
You have one that seems impossible and then you have one that you can kind of do on a
repeated basis.
So mine was, I, it was to play in the Beatles was my unreachable goal.
And then I think the other one was to steal stuff or something like that.
So I tried to steal free or steal.
You've got corn dogs or something.
Something like that.
I just tried to steal stuff as I made my way toward the stage that Thomas had created where
the Beatles were having a reunion concert.
I tried to get John there.
I remember there was one where I like, one of my talents was like, I was really good
at like sucking on stuff.
And so like, I attached really uncomfortable ball to play role playing games.
Well, I attached myself to the bottom or to the top of a car moving vehicle with my mouth.
Yeah.
If that's not using your talent, then I don't know what is.
Use your mouth.
I think Jake had one that was like, he just wanted to like drink milk.
Milk.
Yeah.
That was the one that won, right?
Drink a lot of milk.
Well, no, because other people kept drinking things that had milk in them somehow.
Like, Oh yeah.
Cause if other people achieve your goal, then you hit the point for it.
Somebody's like, I'm going to drink a, like a white Russian.
Yeah.
White Russian or a milkshake.
That whole drink was yeah.
Latte based.
So, um, we've got another, uh, we've got another question here from Limey Well.
Uh, I think it was on Twitter.
Got a Tinder match.
Oh, congratulations.
Pause.
Let's hear that bio.
Yeah.
Let's look at this.
Well, I, uh, today, earlier in the day, it said I had a free boost.
So I've been matching with a lot of people.
You've been like matching like crazy.
So I matched with just now.
Uh, it's a fun name.
Just the quintessential goth girlfriend.
E-girl TM.
New to Missouri as of five 27.
Show me what you got.
Wow.
Next question.
On an extremely similar note, Limey Well asks, are you going to post up the campaign
notes when it's complete?
Uh, my answer is, you know, whatever Zach says, that's, that's, that's.
Yeah.
You can take your own notes along with the podcast, but if someone will pay me, I will
take pictures and post them online.
Are you going to go into my journals with my information that I have about all of you
in the campaign?
You don't know that I haven't already.
Last time we did that, I found out a disturbing fact about you, which is why I am now wearing
my vans at your house.
Yeah.
I, everybody else took their shoes off when I came in, but Luke kept his on cause I have
my shoes are trying to see those toes, baby.
What shoes are you guys wearing right now?
So the actual answer to that question is, uh, I, I think, uh, yeah, yes.
If there's interest, uh, when this, uh, when this, uh, first arc, a story arc with these
characters of this campaign is finished, I'll, I'll probably type up something and,
uh, send it off or just self publish it.
If, if that's something people are interested in, for those of you listening, you would
be the ones who had, who would probably get it.
Uh, as Patrion subscribers, when, uh, is campaign though, it's a specific thing.
Does he mean typing up this campaign?
Yeah.
So basically what I would do is I would be able to run, yeah, I would outline the town
and the characters in the town and then, uh, some sort of, uh, a chain of events with,
uh, to match your timeline.
Exactly.
And then, and then you would all have to do with that what you will.
Cause that's what I'm doing.
And you get to invite your new friend that has never role-played and make them be Keith.
Yeah, man.
Oh God.
And, uh, yeah, no, I, I, that would be extremely fascinating.
I would love to hear how other campaigns went that, uh, played in this setting.
Oh, that would be super cool.
Yeah, absolutely.
That would be extremely interesting to me.
Um, let's see, we've got another one here.
I don't know how to pronounce this.
It's a user on Reddit.
It's a J O R S E S H O.
Jors is ho.
Like horses ho, Jors is ho.
I don't know.
Uh, Jors ho, Jors show, Jors show.
How do you determine the mental disorders the guys suffer from?
It's a really good question.
And it, uh, it took some balance here.
We just add the ones from our own lives.
Uh, has, since I don't listen to the other guys stuff,
do they, does the audience know all of our disorders?
You know, I'm not sure if we've, uh, I don't think we've said it.
Well, that's, that's not going to specifics then unless you want to here.
Um, I think it's fine to not go into specifics here.
Basically I met with each of you individually and we had a quick conversation about it where
I told you what I was thinking, a base outline for what the disorder would be.
And you said yes or no.
I can't remember how that went down, but we muddled it and whittled it down to something
that we could play with.
Historically in our past games, the disorders have always been kind of based on whatever
happened to give us that sanity loss.
Right.
So on the last episode, we actually, the last Q and A, we talked about how Luke's previous
character, Dr. Denny Dennison, AKA worm fingers.
He had a, I had a scat fetish, a scat fetish, a debilitating scat fetish.
Do you actually remember, I remember the clue that led you to become infatuated with the
poop, but I, I remember I, there was something like I had to dig through a toilet to find
a clue or to find something.
Yeah.
And like while doing it, I lost enough, uh, to hit your breaking point, to hit my breaking
point.
So I developed a scat fetish and you know what?
I really ran with it on that one.
You sure did.
So I believe in that one, we were actually playing a bit of a body horror campaign where
you guys had, uh, the spawn of an elder God inside of you in the form of these little
white gooby spiders.
And Luke's character was bent over the toilet puking spiders like these like goopy monsters
into the toilet when he saw a note.
But a previous character maybe hadn't flushed when he rolled poorly or something.
I had to dig through to get what I had thrown up through puke and poop to find a note left
by a character who had been in the bathroom.
So I lost, I lost that sanity.
And then, um, you know what?
It was really the perfect thing for that character to have developed.
Patreon subscribers, we promise you more of this.
One of mine in that last campaign.
That's a little taste of the next character voice.
Don't let Keith die.
Already got a catchphrase.
Joe, what were you saying?
I, uh, I saw a ghost girl in a window for one of my disorders that sent my sanity right
to the breaking point and I just was scared of kids from that point on.
Children.
It doesn't always have to be as gross as scat fetish.
No, I mean, that's an extreme, I'm pretty sure.
I would say that children are just as gross.
Children and poop are also just funny because I don't remember any specifics of like you
acting that out, but I just kind of ran into a group of kids in an alley one time.
And I, uh, I, so, oh, wait, was that that town full of just the weird fucking kids.
So when you hit your breaking point, sometimes you don't have any control over what your
character does.
And so I, uh, ended up running the opposite direction and like across town and away from
you guys, I didn't get to be part of whatever was going on for a few minutes.
That campaign was really cool because we passed through this, a very creepy town in
Arkansas coming back from a show we had seen Zach and I, uh, and another friend of ours.
And we were like, fuck, this would be an amazing.
We can say what we went and saw.
Was it, uh, it was Harmon.
It was when we were at a casino in Arkansas.
We know when Thomas and I were somehow more sad than we are now and still listening to
Harmon town.
No, Harmon town was less sad.
I don't know, man, but we were going through the alienate any harmonians.
No, of course.
Why would we, uh, cause they're all sad losers.
And we too have, uh, and we've been there so you can get out of it.
But no, Harmon town was one of the things that brought, uh, Zach and I that got us interested
in roleplaying.
Absolutely.
Have you guys ever watched Rick and Morty?
So Harmon quest was not smart enough to watch Rick and Morty.
Yes.
Harmon quest was awesome.
I really enjoyed it.
So, uh, we were on our way back from Arkansas and went through this super creepy town.
Then we based, uh, uh, I based a town like three months of our play on.
Yeah.
And it worked.
It was super, it was super fun.
Was that when we were doing the, like, uh, in the caves and shit with, uh, yeah.
Was it a different one where it was like the, uh, the church put on the Halloween?
Yes, that was different characters, but different scenario.
Okay.
Yeah.
That was a real fun time.
Uh, that's based on the Helen Texas campaign written by Scott Dorward of the good friends
of Jackson Elias podcast and actually fucking huge shout out to Scott Dorward because when
I was running Helen Texas during that campaign, I posted on the call of Cthulhu subreddit
and I got some awesome responses from people who had also run that scenario.
But also Scott responded who wrote the scenario and gave some fantastic insight into how I
could finish up that scenario in a, uh, in a really interesting and a horrifying way.
That's super duper cool.
And I remember I came to you guys, I was like, Oh my God.
No.
Yeah.
You were very excited.
We were all excited too.
Reddit is obviously the best and worst website in the world because you can create anything
on there.
But if you're into something very niche like this, like there it's, there's nowhere else
you can go really.
Honestly, the community of role playing in this game, the call of Cthulhu and Delta green
specifically is so fantastic.
Actually.
Um, yeah, that Scott Dor that, that freaked me out and I got so giddy, but then I was
in my kitchen.
That was years ago, right?
We were just dorks.
That excited us all a lot.
We're just like, Oh, we're playing this little role playing game.
And I wrote it.
No, he talked to me.
Uh, and then like a month ago I was in my kitchen doing dishes, listening to their podcast,
which I've been listening to for years now.
And they started talking about pretending to be people and I lost my shit.
Yeah.
Incredible.
I was, I was so happy.
But speaking of the people within this, uh, within this hobby being fantastic humans,
uh, one of the guys who is very responsible for Delta green, the role playing game, becoming
a game, his name is, uh, Dennis debt Willer.
And I was writing a paper for my undergrad about why role playing games are a positive
influence on both the individual and society.
And I needed to interview someone.
And so I found his email through his Patreon and I emailed him a bunch of questions, not
thinking that, uh, he would, he would respond.
I emailed a bunch of different people because he was one of the creators of Delta green,
the game that is the only game that I've ever run and obsessed over.
And he responded like so quickly with these amazing in depth responses.
And it blew me away.
And I didn't even realize when I asked for some of his credentials, uh, he was, uh, he
was the artist of, he was one of the artists for the original magic, the gathering.
No way.
Oh, so that's a cool card game.
Yeah.
Painting the cards.
He's an incredible artist.
I think he worked for Marvel, uh, for a while.
And what is Marvel?
It's a, uh, they're kind of big now.
Uh, actually it's funny.
Little indie comic book company.
They're doing real good for themselves.
So that, that also, I mean, that just absolutely blew me away.
And he's, he's done some interviews on some podcasts recently that have been so fun to
listen to and really in depth.
Um, yeah.
Shout out to Dennis.
He's, he's doing just amazing work and keeping the game that we love alive.
Dennis.
Yeah.
An alternative name for Delta green is the Dennis system.
Separate entirely.
That is, that is a good DMS.
Like guideline for if you want to make your players terrified.
Yeah, man.
Delta green's real.
I know we don't play the, uh, the rules as written in this.
So, uh, your characters, uh, are a little bit, uh, heartier than they would be in Delta
green.
But we still just, and we also,
Which is why Pope Cthulhu was made.
It's just to offer a slightly different play style.
Exactly.
And like we, we also in the past, you know, have played as government agency, you know,
members before, but for the podcast, wanted to do a little something different.
So we are playing a, uh, a, a outside of the normal realm of Delta green and this whole,
and this whole campaign.
Yeah.
Like, um, I don't, were you in those Delta green sessions where just people would drop
like flies with me whenever we first started?
Justin, when we first started, I went through three characters in three games.
Yeah.
I, I remember just like having a character that survived like three sessions and being
like, I can't die.
Like it was like this, like you feel like a God, but normally it's just like, you roll
something wrong and you're fucking gone.
Yeah.
And your character becomes the expert in the group on the mythos within one session.
Cause you're just out survived to one other person and it's like, I guess I'm the veteran.
I think that's, that's why straight Delta green rules are great for one offs.
When you're like, you've got a few people together to play a one night scenario when
you have six hours, six people, three people are going to die or more.
Like, and it's fun to feel that, uh, fragility like to be like, I'm, I could, I could die
cause I feel like I don't know if we've mentioned this or not, but I think we lost our first,
the first one I played, I think we didn't win.
Right.
Oh, or did I just get too drunk?
No.
Yeah.
So I don't know that I've been a part of one that we've won.
Right.
Yeah.
Well cause yeah, like the losing upward doctor, the doctor Denny, Dr Denny Dennison one.
I ended up becoming like a, a servant to the demon.
Oh, well yeah.
You became a servitor of a glocky, uh, the elder God who is in the labyrinth.
Oh, it was the one who made us vomit spiders, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
Oh, spoilers for that elder God.
Any new players to Delta green?
If you find yourself bobbing in spiders, it's, I might be, I heard.
Don't say his name.
Al from Al's tires here.
I would like to offer him a sincerest apologies to all of you who may have heard a recent
advertisement on this radio station ostensibly from Al's tires.
I assure you Al's tires disavows that message and its content completely.
It does not reflect the values and standards of Al's tires.
We shy unabashedly from that sort of empty braggadocio and flash.
My son Al Jr suffers from acute hyperactive attention deficit disorder, leaving him as
devoid of business sense as he is a sense of basic radio propriety.
He will no longer be watching Al's tires on Saturdays unsupervised.
Several weeks ago, my beloved wife Molly suggested I take out a local radio advertisement.
And while I was at first reluctant, the resulting 7% increase in business was frankly intoxicating,
but seeing the impact of fame on my family and my son Al Jr in particular has me questioning
whether Al's tires hasn't lost 7% of its soul.
So for the next few weeks, we're going to do a little less talking and take some more
time to listen, pray, and reflect.
All sale prices mentioned in the original advertisement will, of course, be honored.
Thank you and God bless.
We've got another question here from Reddit from user, oh boy,
Rinafiron asks, are there different classes?
It seems magic is available in this world.
Did the boys just choose not to go down that road with these characters?
I'm going to let you guys field this one because we've, this is our third campaign together
and we have some experience with this.
So yes, magic is available.
This is actually a question for you, Zach.
Is it available from the outset?
You kind of have to find it as a character, don't you?
That's, that's what we've done.
And that's fun.
I think, which is why I don't think any of us.
Is there a mechanic for it to start out with?
Can you find it to start?
I believe in the rules of Delta green rules is written.
You can take a, uh, from the top, you can have an experience with the unnatural.
However, we have never played that way.
And I, the rules I think would totally allow for you to be an advanced kind of character
in that if you want it to be.
But when we've done our longer campaigns, I think I'm the only one who's been given magic.
You're the only one, as far as I can remember, you're the only one that has used magic.
And it was a pretty long process and it was cool.
Zach made, literally, he handed me at our friend Jake's, uh, pizza night.
Pizza night?
Shout out to Jake Heron again.
This hand drawn, uh, 25 more dollars.
Jake's vegan burgers.
You owe us 50 for the app.
Get the total.
This hand drawn little notebook with all these symbols and like weird incantations in it and
shit.
And like, it was awesome.
And he just like, he handed it to me silently.
He's like, it's like, you know what this is?
And I was like, I don't know what this is.
It's like, no, that was actually so dope.
I remember that so clearly.
So the, uh, call of Cthulhu put out a supplement called the grimoire, the grand grimoire.
And I was so fucking stoked for that book because that's a call of Cthulhu mechanic,
not a Delta green mechanic.
Yeah, so that, that, those, that book, uh, is for the call of Cthulhu game.
And it has every single spell that has been used in a call of Cthulhu scenario in the
book alphabetized and ready to go.
And so I went through it and I found ones that I thought fit into the campaign that
we were currently running at the time.
And what I did with it is I buried it in the grave of Joe's character's brother.
And that character, the brother was still alive.
And Thomas's character found the book in that grave.
Thus learning that Joe's character's brother was still alive.
And that was still a closed game at the time.
So we did that in game.
We figured, we figured out and found out in game.
It was real, it was real cool.
And basically for that game, the whole idea was that you guys were playing cowboys, uh,
as the terminology goes in Delta green within the, uh, within the lore of the system, there
are two factions of Delta green.
There's the cowboys and the program.
And the cowboys are these, uh, these guys who've been doing this forever, who have the
cells, a cell B cell all the way down.
And they are there to protect the world from the mythos.
And then, uh, basically the program was this Delta green, uh, organization, basically the
ones who were brought over from majestic 12, which is an organization within the original
Delta green game.
I'm getting into some deep lore here, but basically, uh, Joe's character's brother was
the leader of the opposition group.
Nice.
And they found out that he was alive and they found this spell book.
So, uh, Thomas was allowed these, like, I think I gave you like eight spells.
They were all, um, as powerful as they were fucked up.
Cause you had to do something in order to cast the spell, right?
They cost, I think willpower and some other things.
They, they all exact, like they were costly and they weren't guaranteed as the thing.
I lost my arm trying to cast one of them.
I remember that one so specifically.
Was that the helicopter one or so with, had you fucked it up?
I remember, I remember the scene so well.
So in that town that we based off, uh, in Arkansas, there was a cave because, um, there
was some sign we saw in this like seemingly abandoned town in Arkansas.
Oh yeah.
It was like trail of the hill people or some shit like that.
That's exactly what it said.
And we also cave people, I think trail of the cave people.
And so I immediately was like, Oh, going to go into that for our game.
And it was like, it's a cool, I think archeological thing that I'd like to go back to,
but it sounded spooky as fuck.
Yeah.
And in the game it was, and there is this woman up there who was a, uh, who was a mythos,
um, tainted, uh, creature at this point.
And she had trapped them and Thomas tries to pull off the spell and rolls a fucking
crit fail.
The spell, if it had been successful, I believe would have transformed some of the blood in
my body into this like damaging dust, right?
That shoots out my arm.
And so I'd pulled it off a couple of times, uh, before this.
And this time, yeah, I roll the crit fail and instead of the blood in my arm turning
to dust, just my whole arm turned to dust and it was gone.
Yeah.
So not to get too sorry, Luke, go on.
I was going to ask, uh, just, was this the woman that made us drink blood out of a bowl?
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
Um, so it was one of our more lighthearted adventures.
So I, uh, not to get too deep on just me and Thomas talking about a past campaign, but,
uh, one of my favorite role playing nights of all time was actually just Thomas and I
sitting at my kitchen table.
And that character had just gotten this spell book that, you know, that he had found and
he went out to the woods to, oh my God.
Yeah.
To try to experiment with some of the spells.
Was this the professor character?
This was the professor, uh, professor Richard Ryland.
Oh, dr.
Dr.
Richard Ryland.
And your wife was very ill.
She's very ill.
And so, so one of the spells in the book was, it wasn't quite clear what it did.
That's why I had to experiment on it, but it looked like it would transfer a life into
a, into a healthier body.
Yeah.
Can you go into like, none of the spells in the spell book actually said.
Yeah, exactly.
They just kind of had, um, fuck.
I don't, I don't remember.
I'm sure I still have it somewhere.
Yeah.
They had obtuse and vague names for the spells and then light directions.
So very much so.
So he didn't necessarily know what they were going to do, but what he did do was go out
to a gas station and, uh, find some right.
Dr.
Ryland picked up an aimless teen.
Yeah.
Three of them, I believe.
Oh, that's right.
Aimless teens.
And he took them out to the woods and he tried to switch the body with deers.
Yeah.
So he like shot a deer and then tried to transfer the life of one of these boys into the body
of the deer.
And, uh, it was one of the most fucked up and horrifying nights of role playing I've
ever had in my life because I was the one, I was the one playing, I was the DM, but I
was playing these Call of Cthulhu characters basically who were stuck in the woods with
a goddamn sorcerer.
Wait.
So I, I, I don't know if you told us about this or if this was just, no, that was specifically
something that I think I kept from you guys in the campaign because I had, I know, um,
I killed three teenagers.
Uh, he actually at least one teenager.
If I remember correctly, they tried to run away and then you use that, the one that you
lost the spell that you lost your arm to, you use that to disintegrate them.
So the teens didn't get away.
Well, the, the spell that I remember you casting in that was a, to down a helicopter.
That was the blood arm one.
I was trying to shoot my blood dust at that helicopter to down it.
I don't know if I succeeded in that one or if that's where I lost my arm.
I actually can't remember.
You lost your arm in the cave, but it doesn't matter.
It was very, you successfully down the helicopter.
I don't know why, but like for some reason we were found out of all the shit that we
had been doing.
Yeah.
I don't know if you've been listening, but I'm pretty lenient on, uh, what is allowed
to happen in the games because it's so much fun and like the more fun shit that happens,
the better the game is in my opinion.
And I'm not going to step in your way.
So it's so much sucks when you're like, yeah, like you, you do not do this often.
And when you do, well, you do it for good reasons.
I mean, I say you don't do this often.
You do it very sparingly, but it's like, the only times you say no is when I'm saying
something and I'm like, there's no way that he says yes to this.
And then, and then, and then you say no.
I'm like, okay.
I just, I was just listening to an episode where, um, you, Luke as Keith.
Oh, it's, it's where you, uh, I was really listening to the episode where you kill your
brother.
Cause I was like kind of fuzzy on those events and I was like, wait, what happened with all
that?
So I listened to it again and you shut off the power to, uh, Fergie's house.
Then you try to go back through this automatic door and Zach's like, you prop that open,
right?
He didn't just say like, you can't get back in.
Which I think is a very tempting DM instinct sometimes, but it's, it's so much more fun
to just get to keep murdering his brother and that woman.
I would have found a way around it, but also it would have just taken up time.
A roadblock for roadblock's sake is not a fun thing.
Exactly.
If it's, if it's really something stupid you've done, sometimes yes.
But like this was straight up just like, yeah, there's no reason to not get you back through
this door.
Recently I was talking to Andy who is Luke's DM in that Pathfinder game and we were, shout
out to Andy, we were talking about the campaign that you're actually playing in right now.
And he was asking me about ways to carry forward and I kind of told him, I was like, well,
if you want them to do something that you don't expect, give them a dead end.
And it's what I did with Thomas and Luke in the, in the box that was hanging over the,
the pulping, the juice box as I've thought of it.
Where the fighters, the loser got pulped and juiced onto the crowd below.
I basically, I put you guys in there.
I had no fucking clue.
I'd honestly, um, listeners, I know you're ready for us to get pulped.
No, I know that you think that, uh, I'm, I'm paying really close attention and I am, but
I forgot Luke had that gun.
That is exactly, that is hilarious because we had confirmed it.
That's exactly what I was going to ask is like, did you remember that I had that?
No, no, I didn't.
And when you pulled it out, I was like, yes, dig gun.
So like what was, uh, what, what would an alternate reality be if you know what Keith
isn't as stupid as you think he is.
And alternate reality is that we do a strength test on each other to beat each other to death.
Yeah.
And one of you fucking kills the other one.
And then we just go into the next character or something.
Yeah.
Um, actually I've got a 50.
What do you have in strength?
Strength.
We've, uh, we've got some dice here.
We could settle this.
Yeah.
You need, what's your score?
Strength 55.
Okay.
You've got five more than me.
So whoever rolls the highest without going over, beats the other one to death.
26.
Oh, that's a pass.
At least it's a pass.
40.
Luke wins that one.
Oh shit.
Keith Vigna fucking kills John Lee Pettymore.
Good thing that didn't happen canonically.
Um, we literally had someone on the subreddit ask.
They're like, Oh man, I wanted to see John kill Keith.
Yeah.
And we all agreed.
Hey, well to whatever, uh, user that was, fuck you.
Keith kills John and you know what?
I'm going to role play it out.
Use your character voice.
Yeah, please.
Yeah.
Hold on.
Keith, uh, walks into the, uh, walks into the cube, squares up with John and we're looking
at each other in the eye.
And Keith is looking at John like, man, I really don't want to do this.
John is looking at Keith like, man, I really want to do this.
Really wants to kill me.
And I see that.
And then you shoot him.
You just pulled the gun.
Yeah.
And then you pull the gun out of your penis.
And then I pull the gun out of my penis.
No, I, uh, I, I, yeah, that's exactly for sure.
Uh, Rena, uh, the, uh, the same user asked, uh, are you really going to end the podcast
if you don't hit the Patreon goal?
Yes.
Yeah.
I know.
We will continue the story for, for us, but we will have the fan on.
We will have the door open.
We will be, we will be getting drunker than we do.
Zach won't be spending like a full time job every week.
I'll hang out with my wife all the time.
Well, your wife sucks.
That's not true.
Oh my God.
Well, I just, uh, you've got the coolest wife.
I know.
Shout out to Taylor.
Shout out to Taylor who did a stellar job in the episode, sweater vest, sweater vest,
sweater vest with Joe on his backstory.
We are also bringing her back shortly.
Oh, spoilers.
I haven't listened to yours.
Also, uh, on, on one of the breaks, also shout out to product.
Um, on one of the breaks, I, uh, I walked into the kitchen to throw away a beer can
and recycle to recycle a beer can.
And, uh, I was like, this smells so good.
You had another question coming from, Oh no, you said it.
I was trying to pull us up.
No question from Joe.
Can we leave?
Yeah, it is definitely edit all of that.
Do we, do we have another question to end it with or a thing too?
Well, wait, let's expand a little bit more on.
Yes, we are going to end the podcast.
So yeah.
Uh, sadly.
We will have to, uh, stop releasing, uh, weekly and free episodes and any episodes
for anyone we'll just shut down completely.
And let's not mention that we like, don't even mention we'll keep playing it.
Just be like, no, this is the end.
Yeah, of course.
It's the end.
You definitely won't keep playing.
And we'll, we'll know.
I mean, we won't know what happens to these characters, but, uh, if you don't,
if we don't make a thousand dollars a month, we won't be friends anymore.
Oh yeah.
No, I'll never hang out with these guys again.
Why would I?
That's pretty true.
I will move out of the house that we all live in.
But we do need to make it worth Zach's time.
That's the bottom line.
He, he, he put, he puts hours and hours and hours and hours into it.
It needs to be, uh, uh, something that he can be able to do.
But more importantly, we really want to grow this into a big enterprise where
we are delivering you solid content, not only on a weekly basis, but maybe a
twice a week basis, the episodes can get longer.
We can get bonus episodes.
We can start a second podcast.
There are so many things that we can do.
We can play other games.
Um, this is super fun.
It's something we'd really like to keep doing all of us.
And so what we would like to say is thank you.
Thank you so much for hopping on board right away.
That's so fucking cool.
Everybody that is listening to this right now.
Keep telling your friends about the podcast.
That's one of the easiest ways you can help, uh, help us grow is by telling your
friends that, uh, we're doing this weird thing.
If you know somebody who likes funny stuff, tell them.
If you know somebody who likes spooky stuff, tell them.
Yeah.
If it's the same person, you can tell them twice.
Keep reviewing us on iTunes.
We'd love to hear it.
Even the negative reviews, like really help us.
We got one that, uh, we were all pretty tickled by because it specifically said,
you know, this podcast is just for white guys sitting around being funny.
And they didn't say trying to be funny.
Thank God they didn't say trying.
Yeah, exactly.
So a horror podcast, you know, role play podcast isn't for everybody, but at least
you like us.
So thank you.
Thank you so much for supporting us.
It really honestly, it, it means, it means so, so much to us that you care enough to
do that.
And we are infinitely and, uh, disgustingly grateful.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Uh, so let's send it on back to Wolf the dog.
We'll see you next month.
I just wanted to apologize for saying kudzu was dishing out hot slop.
You see for your boy Wolf hot slop is something good and something good in the neighborhood
is kudzu with no backbone.
How am I the only one trying to fool?
How can you have enough drowning out all the notes?
With no mind at all, no mind at all
Light to light, street me down, takes me back to where you're from
When you don't stop a dying of devotion to only one
With no mind at all, no mind at all, no mind at all
With no mind at all, no mind at all
Tell me the words, tell me the lies
Tell me the guns, tell me the lies
Tell me the lies, tell me the lies
Tell me the words, tell me the lies
Thank you for watching!